aip-17: rename and add table to demonstrate cost reduction (#80)
aptos-foundation/AIPs: README.md

| AIP 11 | Tokens as Objects |
| AIP 12 | Multisig Accounts v2 |
| AIP 13 | Coin Standard Improvements |

> | AIP 17 | Decouple storage and execution gas pricing to allow cheaper execution |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AIP 17 | Reducing Execution Costs by Decoupling Transaction Storage and Execution Charges. |
```
